# 美国大学生数学建模竞赛 - 历史赛题集

**来源网址**: https://www.comap.com/contests/mcm-icm
**抓取时间**: 2026-03-14 15:56:51

## 页面标题

The Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM)® and The Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling (ICM)® - COMAP

## 相关赛题内容

COMAP's Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM) and Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling (ICM) are international contests for high school students and college undergraduates. The contests challenge teams of up to three students to analyze, model, solve, and present solution reports to an open-ended application problem. In these contests research, analytics, and applied intelligence are just as important as time management and problem selection. Are you and your team up to it?

Problem Choices

Contest teams of up to three students address one of the following six problem choices over the period of the contest weekend.

MCM Problem A (continuous)

MCM Problem B (discrete)

MCM Problem C (data insights)

ICM Problem D (operations research/network science)

ICM Problem E (sustainability)

ICM Problem F (policy)

The contests provide a challenge to solve a real-world application problem, and get recognition for it on an international stage. It's an excellent opportunity to develop your interpersonal skills through teamwork, develop technical writing and communication skills through your written report, feel a sense of accomplishment, and earn an impressive resume credential. Students and advisors report that participation and success in MCM/ICM provides an advantage when applying for internships and jobs.

Schools enjoy the recognition and prestige of being part of COMAP's annual international modeling contest event. COMAP published a press release of the annual contest results that lists advisors, schools, school locations, and awards. Contest participation indicates the school’s support of students’ meaningful application of topics studied in the classroom in preparation for addressing a variety of problems in the real-world. The contest can provide impetus and justification for developing more applied courses and for integrating modeling into current courses.

Imagine a world designed by the mathematical minds participating in COMAP's MCM/ICM contests. These competitions have addressed various problems, from optimizing urban infrastructure to planning interplanetary colonies.

